<h1>Programmable Force Sequences - Automation Script</h1><br>
<b>Author</b>: Sara De Bragança<br>
<b>Key words</b>: automation<br>
<b>Research subjects</b>: DNA-binding proteins, Protein folding<br>
<br>
<p>This automation script allows the user to program a sequence of forces to be applied to a tethered molecule. Using this script to apply forces increases the reproducibility of the experiments. Firstly, because the user instead of defining a particular distance between the traps, defines a target force. The machine finds the experimental distance that correlates to the target force, reducing the error related to the variability between different molecules. In addition, the user can choose to repeat the exact same force sequence several times to the same molecule or even for two different experimental conditions (by choosing to repeat in two different flow channels). Finally, the script automatically creates markers for each repetition and exports them to the user's folder (output folder in the Bluelake user interface).<br><br>Workflow:<br>1 - Saves the initial position of Trap1.<br>2 - Validates the parameters given by the user.<br>3 - Finds the absolute positions of Trap1 for each target force.<br>4 - Applies the sequence of movements and pauses as predefined by the user.<br>5 - Repeats the sequence, if it applies.<br>6 - If it applies:&nbsp; &nbsp; Changes to the second channel.<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Pauses for incubation.<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Proceeds to apply the force sequence and repetitions.</p><p><br></p><p>Inputs by the user:</p><p>- Target forces in pN</p><p>- Time to pause at each force step in s</p><p>- Velocities to move between force steps in um/s</p><p>- Number of repetitions</p><p>- Move to a second flow channel (True or False)<br></p><p>- Time to pause for incubation in the second flow channel in s</p><p><br></p><p>This script has two versions: one for Bluelake 1.6.16 (which also works in Bluelake 1.6.1 with a minor adaptation) and one for&nbsp;Bluelake 1.7.<br></p><p><br></p><p>I hope you will find this tool helpful :)</p><p>Feel free to contact me, your feedback is welcome!<br></p><p>Sara de Bragança, sbraganca@cnb.csic.es</p><p><br></p><p>-----------------------------------------------------------<br></p><p>You can find an example of output data obtained with this automation script and a Jupyter notebook to visualize it in our lab's repository:&nbsp; <a href="https://github.com/Moreno-HerreroLab/C-TrapAutomation">https://github.com/Moreno-HerreroLab/C-TrapAutomation</a>​</p><br><br>
<b>If you like this script, please cite me</b>: <p><br></p><p>De Bragança, S. (2021) Programmable Force Sequences. Retrieved from https://harbor.lumicks.com/</p><br>
<br>

