<h1>FRAP Droplet Imaging</h1><br>
<b>Author</b>: Rachel Leicher<br>
<b>Key words</b>: phase separation, Droplets, protein, fluorescence, Visualization, DNA, FRAP<br>
<b>Research subjects</b>: Phase separation<br>
<br>
<p>This script was developed as part of a project from Professor Shixin Liu's Laboratory of Nanoscale Biophysics and Biochemistry at the Rockefeller University. Lumicks application scientist Zsombor Balassy was instrumental in developing this script. <br></p><p>This script allows for automated FRAP (fluorescence recovery after photobleaching) imaging of fluorescent liquid droplets on the Lumicks C-Trap. It is meant to be loaded in BlueLake under the 'scripting' section. It first scans a fluorescent droplet at low power, then photobleaches a portion of the droplet using the point scan feature at high laser power, and then scans the entire droplet at low laser power at regular intervals. This script enables users to image the entire droplet over the course of a FRAP experiment and subsequently calculate recovery time using other analysis software. Images taken with this software can be used in conjunction with "C-Trap .h5 File Visualization GUI" (Watters et al.) and Image J (or Fiji). <br></p><p><br></p><p>Parameters that must be set by the user:</p><p>FRAP_Point_Scan (set this region as your imaging area)<br></p><p>FRAP_2D_Scan_Continuous (set this region as your imaging area, same as FRAP_Point_Scan)<br></p><p>FRAP_Point_Scan (set this point within the imaging area, it will be where the droplet is bleached)</p><p>** These parameters should be created as presets under the star in the 'scan settings' section on bluelake by drawing a blue imaging box (or point) and saving them as these exact names. <br></p><p><br></p><p>Parameters that can be changed by the user:</p><p>photobleaching_power (photobleaching power can be changed by the user, recommended between 50-100%)<br></p><p>photobleaching_time (photobleaching time can be changed by the user)<br></p><p>frap_imaging_power (imaging confocal scanning power can be changed to acquire images of full droplets, recommended 10% or less)<br></p><p>frap_imaging_time (imaging time between droplets can be changed by user, will remain uniform)<br></p><p>excitation_lasers.red (change red to green or blue if you are using those lasers)</p><p><br></p><p>Please direction questions to Rachel Leicher (rleicher@rockefeller.edu). ​​<br></p><br><br>
<b>If you like this script, please cite me</b>: <p>Leicher, R. (2021) FRAP Droplet Imaging. Retrieved from https://harbor.lumicks.com/<br></p><br>
<br>

